Switch back to adding multiburst functionality to insar_tops_burst (#242)
ASFHyP3/hyp3-isce2: CHANGELOG.md

and this project adheres to [PEP 440](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0440/)
and uses [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

> ## [3.0.0]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## [2.1.0]
```

### Added
- The ability for the `insar_tops_burst` workflow to support processing multiple bursts as one SLC.

> - Function to check if the reference granules are older than the secondary granules.

Reviewer: Something along these lines, to make it clear that an error will be raised?
```suggestion
- The `insar_tops_burst` workflow now exits with an error message if the reference granules are not older than the secondary granules.
```

> - Function to check if the reference granules are older than the secondary granules.

Reviewer: Something along these lines, to make it clear that an error will be raised? (And this should probably go under `Changed`, not `Added`.)
```suggestion
- The `insar_tops_burst` workflow now exits with an error message if the reference granules are not older than the secondary granules, rather than silently re-ordering the granules.
```

### Changed

> - The interface for `insar_tops_burst` so that it takes `--reference` and `--secondary` arguments instead of one `--granules` argument

Reviewer: Correct me if I'm wrong, but there was never a `--granules` option, right? Just an unnamed positional argument?
```suggestion
- The interface for `insar_tops_burst` so that it takes `--reference` and `--secondary` granule lists instead of a single list of granules.
```

Author: Ack, yeah that's wrong. Thanks!

## [2.1.0]
### Added
- The ability for the `insar_tops_burst` workflow to support processing multiple bursts as one SLC.

### Changed

> - The interface for `insar_tops_burst` so that it takes `--reference` and `--secondary` granule lists instead of a single list of granules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The interface for `insar_tops_burst` so that it takes `--reference` and `--secondary` granule lists. The positional `granules` argument is now optional and deprecated.
```

> - The `insar_tops_burst` workflow now exits with an error message if the reference granules are not older than the secondary granules, rather than silently re-ordering the granules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
